SPI: Serial Peripheral Interface
The SPI bus allows the communication between one master
device and one or more slave devices. (Sensor, EEPROM, SDCARD, etc)

SCLK: Serial Clock
MOSI: Master Out Slave In
MISO: Master In Slave Out

1. Four I/O pins are dedicated to SPI communication with external devices.
2. MISO: Master In / Slave Out data. In the general case, this pin is used to 
transmit data in slace mode and receive data in master mode
3. MOSI: Master Out / Slace In data. In the general case, this pin is used to 
transmit data in master mode and receive data in slave mode.
4. SCK: Serial Clock output pin for SPI master and input pun for SPI slaves.
5. NSS: Slave select pin. Depending on the SPI and NSS settings, this pin can be
used to select an individual slave device for communication

MINIMAL SPI BUS
The SPI bus allows the communication between one master device and one or more slave devices.
In some applications SPI bus may consists of just two wires - one for the clock signal and
the other for synchronous data transfer. Other signals can be added depending on the data
exchange between SPI nodes and their slave select signal managemant.

slave pin의 nss를 GND로 보내지 않으면 하이 임피던스(Hi-Z)상태가 되면서 비활성화, 마스터와 연결시 LOW상태로 활성화


CUSTOMIZING SPI BUS: BUS CONFIGURATIONS
The SPI allows the MCU to communicate using different configurations, depending on 
the device targeted and the application requirements.

1. FULL-DUPLEX COMMUNICATION
In this configuration, the shift registers of the master and slave are linked using two unidirectional
lines between the MOSI and the MISO pins. During SPI communication. data is shifted synchronously on the
SCK clock edges provided by the master. The master transmits the data to be sent to the slave via the 
MOSI line and receives data from the slave via the MISO line.
- By default, the SPI is configurated for full-duplex communication

2. HALF-DUPLEX COMMUNICATION
In this configuration, one single cross connection line is used to link the shift registers of the
master and slave together. During this communication, the data is synchronously shifted between the 
shift registers on the SCK clock edge in the transfer direction selected reciprecally by both master
and slave.

3. SIMPLEX COMMUNICATION
Transmit-only. Receive Only mode:
The configuration settings are the same as for full-duplex/ The application has to ignore the
information captured on the unused input pin. This pin can be used as a standard GPIO.

SLAVE SELECT (NSS) PIN MANAGEMENT
When a device is slave mode:
In slave mode, the NSS works as a standard "chip select" input and
lets the slave communicate with the master.
When a device is master:
In master mode, NSS can be used either as output or input. 
As an input it can prevent multi-master bus collision, and as an output
it can drive a slave signal of a single slave.

SLAVE SELECT (NSS) PIN MANAGEMENT
When a device is slave mode:
    In slave mode, the NSS works as a standard "chip select" input and lets the slave communicate
    with the master.

When a device is slave mode:
    In master mode, NSS can be used either as output or input. As an input it can prevent multi-master
    bus collision, and as an output it can drive a slace select signal of a single slave.

