Every byte put on the SDA line must be eight bits long.
Each byte must be followed by an Acknowledge Bit.
Data is transferred with the Most significant Bit(MSB) first.

Start and Stop condition
All transaction begin with a START (S) and are terminated by a STOP (P)

A HIGH to LOW transition on the SDA line while SCL is HIGH defines a START condition.
A LOW to HIGH transition on the SDA line while SCL is HIGH defines a STOP condition.

If the state of SDA is low at this position then it is considered as ACK otherwise NACK.
Here SDA is low hence it is successful acknowledgment from the slave.

Stop condition timings
- Setup Time for Stop Condition is measured as the time between 70% amplitude of the rising edge 
of SCL and 30% amplitude of a rising SDA signal during a stop condition.

Points to Remeber
- START and STOP conditions are always generated by the master. The bus is considered 
to be busy after the START condition.
- The bus is considered to be free again a certain time after the STOP condition.
- When the bus is free another master(if present) can get the chance to claim the bus.
- The bus stays busy if a repeated START (Sr) is generated instead of a STOP condition.
- Most of the MCU's I2C peripherals support both master and slave mode.
You need not to configure the mode because when the peripheral genarates the start condition
it automatically becomes the master and when it generates the stop sondition is goes back to slave mode.

ACK: Acknowledgement 
The Acknowledge is defined as follows:
The transmitter releases the SDA line during the acknowledge clock pulse
so the receiver can pull the SDA line LOW and it remains stable LOW during the HIGH period 
at this clock pulse

- The acknowledge takes place after every byte.
- The acknowledge bit allows the receiver to signal the transmitter that the byte was 
successfully received and another byte may be sent.
- The master generates all clock pulses, including the acknowledge ninth clock pulse.

NACK
- When SDA remains HIGH during this ninth clock pulse, this is defined as the Not Acknowledge signal
- The master can then generate either a Stop condition to abort the transfer, 
or a repeated START condition to start a new transfer.

Data validity
The data on the SDA line must be stable during the HIGH period of the clock. The HIGH Or LOW state 
at the data line can inly change when the clock signal on the SCL line is LOW. 
One clock pulse is generated for each data bit transferred.

Whenever slave receives the ACK from the master, That's an indicatoin for 
the slave to send one more byte to the master.
Whenever master receive the ACK from the slave, that's an indicatoin for
the master that slave has received the data successfully.
